RUL-45: add reference entity in concatenate action (#1418)
akeneo/pim-docs: manipulate_pim_data/rule/general_information_on_rule_format.rst

|      |                                                                                                                                                                            |
|      | - currency: currency code for which the price is assigned. Optional. By default all the prices in the collection are displayed, separated by a coma.                       |
|      |                                                                                                                                                                            |
|      | For simple select, multi select, reference entity single link and reference entity multiple links attributes:                                                              |
|      |                                                                                                                                                                            |

> |      | - label_locale: locale code for the label of the option/reference entity. Optional. By default the code is used.                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|      | - label_locale: locale code for the label of the option/record. Optional. By default the code is used.                                                           |
```

Reviewer: or "reference entity record"
